# pdf_evaluator
The project PdF evaluate is to conducted the analysis on the pdf document which uploaded by the user, By doing this PDF document evaluations one can able to know how  to re-create document. Other side we can make complete analysis on the documentation’s where the one can learn what are main properties and font styles are used to create a proper accurate document, Where one can easily understand the process of creating the document With this analysis.
This project started by designing the Register page where we concentrated more, Because to make user impressions good about our application, User need to fill few basic for the registration process where user will not hesitate to answer. After successful registration we validate the user form data to make sure we don’t have any noisy data in our databases. After validation we redirect user interface to login page , Here user will authenticate with the username and password. Once user authentication is done successfully we trigger a mail to user to acknowledge that he logged in to our application to make user privacy concerns of the user’s.
Here come’s the main component called PDF upload where user need to upload a pdf formatted document for the analysis, We make sure that UI is hassle free. After uploading the PDF our application start analysing the PDF document and redirect user to the other component called Analysis component here application complete picture of the PDF document uploaded the user. After the analysis our application has ability to send the analysis report through mail.
